Except when noted, all images under WifiPages/images were created by
Crista Lopes (aka Diva) and are licensed under
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

EXCEPTIONS

The logo image "Powered by OpenSimulator" given by
WifiPages/images/PoweredByOS.png 
is a modified version of the OpenSimulator logo created by Adam Frisby
and Gryc. Original license available at
http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Image:Opensimulator.svg 
Final logo, by Crista Lopes (aka Diva), under license
http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Image:PoweredByOpenSimulator.png

The logo image "Diva Wifi" given by WifiPages/images/diva.png has been
created by Crista Lopes (aka Diva), and is distributed under a
Creative Commons licence CC-BY 
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/
with the following exemption: The logo design may be used, distributed
or embedded in an unmodified form without attribution as long as the
logo text ("Diva Wifi") remains on the image.

=== INTENT AND USE OF THESE LOGOS ===

The "Powered by OpenSimulator" logo is intended to give credit to the
OpenSimulator project, which is the platform upon which your virtual
world is built. The "Diva" logo is intended to give credit to the diva
distribution project which includes the Wifi web application. These
logos can be used freely as long as they are used DISCRETELY on the
graphic design material associated with your virtual world.

UNDER NO CIRCUNSTANCES SHOULD THESE LOGOS BE USED AS YOUR OWN LOGO FOR
YOUR OWN VIRTUAL WORLD NOR SHOULD THEY BE USED TO CONVEY THE IDEA THAT
YOUR VIRTUAL WORLD IS HOSTED OR IS IN ANY WAY AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE
OPENSIMULATOR PROJECT OR THE DIVA DISTRIBUTION PROJECT.

PLEASE NOTE:

The use of these logos is not required by neither the OpenSimulator
license nor the Diva Wifi license. You can modify Wifi so that they are
not included.
